plus it's titled dealing with the enemy inside.
Many people are very, very busy dealing with enemy outside, living the enemy inside.
And the problem if only they can deal with the enemy inside, the enemy outside,
will be very easy to deal with.
In fact, many people have hired lawyers against themselves to pursue them.
And by the rest of God, after today, we will deal with that antenna in the air so that we can get victory outside.
Because victory charity begins at home.
Once you've gotten victory inside, the outside victory is very, very easy.
Quickly let's not go to Jupchata 3 Jupchata 3 Vels 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 Jupchata 3 is 25 J
Many of us know the story of Job, but many don't know that there was some secret in Job.
Job was to be afraid of some things.
Job was a man blessed by God.
God blessed Job, but Job was so afraid of falling.
He was so afraid of falling.
But it's happening to the children.
He was so afraid of becoming poor again.
He was so afraid of anything happening to his household.
And now, that's teeny, goodly fiat.
That negative touch.
Do not understand, joke we do offer red daily sacrifice.
to appease for the same of the children.
But in case my children went out today, maybe they offended God.
Let this sacrifice, you know.
He was so afraid.
He was so protective.
And now that thing, he had the most come to him.
Now, his thoughts, that negative charge he has been attracting, has now attracted
The negative things, that thing which if you are most, now came upon Him.
Many people, it is the negative touch which they attract.
Those negative taste they attract to themselves, that comes into their life.
This thing happened to me, this thing happened to me, and as you are thinking it,
I said, man, take it so easy.
I swear, take it.
I swear, imagine it.
I swear, imagine those things, those things now magnetize.
Look, listen, we are a living magnet, every man being.
And according to the law of magnet, likes attract.
So you now attract those things, the sentence, you are, you are,
You are always thinking about, you are always thinking about, those things you are always thinking about, you now magnetize them.
If you always measure as good things, good things will come.
If you always measure as bad things, bad things will come, because we are only the magnets.
Shut the area.
Generally, tell that we seriously want, enter our life.
Since we seriously want energy, since our thought is a form of energy, anything we focus, our strong intention, our strong concentration will bring into existence those things.
What is good or bad?
Those things you put your concentration on, those things you put your focus on, you focus.
You focus of miscarriage.
You focus of losing the baby.
You focus of your children spoiling.
You focus too much on it.
It brings it into reality.
Shout out to the lawyer.
The job focus is attention on, hey, this happened to me.
I'm out of vibecompo.
All these are my livestock.
All these are livestock you're what you're gonna have.
Parish.
These are my children.
He wasn't talking about, bearish.
Those things, if he had much, can't upon him.
I prophesy.
Every negative thought you have evicted into your life.
That is now affecting you.
I command that to die in an emergency.
Stand up and pray, ladies.
Every negative thought.
That has invited problem into my life.
I remember somebody that called me, I think, two years ago, a lady, she, the church, according to her story, the church where she was attending before
She came to opium.
The church was more of a loose church.
They are allowed to dress anyhow.
They even were the trusser to the church.
The scene was not really preached.
Your heart is not pricked on about sin and the dangers of sin.
And there was a rumor then in the church
which she said it was not confirmed that the pastor was sleeping with one of the workers in the church.
But it was the rumor going around because sometimes when the pastor wants to go for a program, the lady also goes for that program.
To go and prepare the place I had for him.
So there was this rumor.
So she was not this, so she
That made them everybody in the church.
Because the message was not, you know, it don't hit you.
It don't prick your conscience.
There was no prick in our conscience.
So it was a normal thing to commit adultery.
Most people in that church were just sleeping with each other.
It was just a normal thing.
Then one day, she washed up your motivation and she came.
She said,
The first time she was not comfortable adjusting her for my ways of life, her for my ways of, you know, lose and, you know, with the people, even, like my judge, she would even come and she was, she's married though, she would also see the person put on them slept together and they would smile, side of the judge.
When she came to opium, she started, there was this freaking of conscience.
She stopped all those ways of life.
She changed completely.
She spent two years in opium while she completely changed.
Stopped all those negative things.
And suddenly, the devil now entered into the husband.
The husband said, you have to stop going to opium.
You must go back to half of my church.
She tried to convince the man the visit he must go back.
So she now went back and now continued in her old life.
She now called me and said, she has not addressed.
She wants to come back, but she cannot survive.
I said, well, you cannot survive your husband, but you must stop those lives.
But your husband is a foolish man.
I told her this.
Because a place that I've changed the life of your wife.
Are you not so stupid to try to pull up back to Egypt?
Are you not supposed to be happy that, Luca, the life of my wife have changed because of the kind of message she's hearing, the kind of prayer.
Now, say thank you, allow Seder to enter into you, to go back to Egypt, stand up and pray that it is.
I refuse to backslide In a number of Jews are bigger to be.
Listen up.
In many cases, a man is the creator of his own problem.
If you focus your picture on luck, you focus your picture on poverty.
That is what will be attracted to you.
You focus on lack, you focus on poverty, you focus on sickness.
But when you focus on wealth, you focus on good health, you focus on success.
That is what will be attracted to you.
Shout Aliyah.
Some sisters.
Maybe they just wake up in the morning and they see small pimple on their breasts.
They look at it.
Hey, this is cancer.
It may be cancer.
The cancer was a change.
The people said, look out on pimple though, but this woman is promoting me to cancer.
We had so many people at once.
that are promoting their problems.
A small problem.
Maybe something happened in the office.
And tomorrow, maybe you be facing the panic.
Oh, this may lead to my sack.
This may lead to my sack.
This may.
They have no sack.
No, you are releasing.
You are emitting.
You are emitting negative.
negative charge which may lead to your sack but if you say God is in charge I cannot lose my job those panel the Bible says the heart of the king is the hand of God those but no Martin in fact this will lead to my promotion that is what you get shout Alleluia shout Alleluia
The law of attraction is a two-edged sword.
It can be used for success.
It can be used for failure.
You can use, you can attract success.
You can also attract failure.
The same thing is like electricity.
This electricity will bring light now.
Everybody will be happy.
Oh, the same electricity.
If you touch it, make it way up.
You go.
It brings sadness.
It brings death.
So it's that society.
You want you attract.
You cannot attract good things.
You cannot attract happiness.
You cannot attract joy.
You can also attract problem.
You can attract affliction.
Shout out to Leah.
You attract to your life the kind of energy you carry.
But you are always thinking.
That is what comes to you.
You always, maybe you're a single system.
Every time you come to the mirror, look at yourself.
Look at it.
I'm getting old.
Serenko.
Serenko, it's a J. I know the whole body system is inviting me.
Let me come.
Shout Alleluia.
You are now hiring your own lawyer
to deal with you.
Shout, hallelujah, hallelujah.
Now do you wake up in the morning and you start feeling sad.
What you are doing, you are releasing negative charges.
You wake up, you feel depressed.
No, I can't be depressed.
Refused to be depressed.
As you wake up, you begin, you feel downcasted.
You feel depressed.
You feel emotionally down.
That is what will follow you to that day.
But if you wake up, you're feeling happy.
The dad wants to bring depression.
He says, no, I cannot be depressed.
I am going, let's go to Philippians.
I wonder if you wanna say something.
Philippians chapter 4.
Verse 4.
Philippians 4 was 4 Rejoice in the Lord always Rejoice in the Lord always Rejoice in the Lord always rejoice always have this happiness no matter what is happening around you say I cannot be depressed this situation cannot depress me they go
Maybe they want to give you a sack letter.
You got a sack letter you feel happy.
Oh, thank you very much.
I appreciate it.
Now you are emitting good things.
Now that God will now convert that sack letter to promotion.
Because as you are releasing those positive things, that is what is coming to you.
Shout Alleluia.
When you celebrate the good things, God does in your life, God does more.
But when you are always complaining, why have God not done this?
You begin to complain.
Then God will say, you are not in grit.
A songwriter says, count your blessings, then one by one, count your blessings in what God has done.
Count your blessings, name them one by one, and need to surprise the world that Lord has done.
Count your blessings, and name them one by one.
Instead of counting your sorrows, and naming your sorrows one by one, count your blessings, and name them one by one, then God will be happy to do more.
As you count your blessings, as you rejoice, as you appreciate God,
or the small one, God is not.
And a lot of people, this God I've done for you, you have not the pound God.
Your words also develop into energy.
I attract what you say, your words.
The word you alter, it develops into energy.
When you begin to alter negative words against yourself, you alter negative words against your children.
Those words now begin to walk upon those children.
Let me put it this way.
Come, please, come.
Maybe this is your song, and maybe it did something wrong.
You do it, ladies.
You just finished point.
You need to hear.
They have to do many times.
You are this stupid boy.
You are useless.
This.
Why?
Why not?
You are a good boy.
Why did you do this?
I don't expect this from you.
You are not supposed to do this.
You are a good boy.
You speak those good things.
You are not supposed to do this.
You are a nice boy.
You are a good boy.
As you are spiking, because spreading it out as per the child.
As you are spiking, you are speaking positive words into that child.
instead of laying causes, releasing negative charges against your own child.
Your words can act as charges against you, against your children.
Shout to our lawyer.
Your emotions too can act.
Even though you're not seeing it, you are thinking it.
That's what I'm saying.
I said, man, think it's so easy.
You are thinking it.
Those things are coming.
Doubt releases negative charge.
You are always doubting the power of God.
Doubtting, can this thing be possible?
Can God ever give me a husband?
Can God ever give me a child as you are doubting the power of God?
Those things are really negative energy.
And they are now walking.
Against you.
Shout out to Elia.
The fact is this, every body, every human being created by God has a talk inside that person.
I come again.
Every human being has a talk.
It's a represent.
It is left for you to control that talk and say you talk.
But some people don't control the talk.
Just allow the talk to, and when the talk explode,
Sometimes the talk would do something that you yourself would regret.
It allows you to just explode.
You can even cut off somebody's head.
You can just carry television and smash it.
You can carry your car and see somebody.
Because you have allowed the talk to overtake, to overshadow your action.
You can use your check.
Jump somebody, jump the person.
And after you don't just say, oh, what did I do?
How did I allow my emotion to go for my actions?
You must think that life inside of you.
That area, boy, that talk, you must think it.
You must not allow it to overshadow you.
I remember, Sister, please sit down.
I remember Sister that told me every time
Imagine for somebody to confess this.
It means she doesn't know what she's doing.
And maybe somebody on television can also be passing through this, so listening through.
She says herself that she doesn't know what comes over her.
This woman, she just saw my number on television.
I don't know her before.
She's not a member of OPM.
She saw my number on television.
She said, is that supposed to be Chibuzo?
Opium, I say yes.
She said, she doesn't know what normally comes into her.
Whenever there is peace in their home, it will be pushing her.
Quora, fight.
Stop Quora with your husband.
She will stop one Quora.
Every time that she herself, she will see her husband, she all wants peace, but she just wants to give the husband problem.
Every time she's gone, when I started home, I called back for work, she would just look for something.
She doesn't know what it is that normally push her.
She would look for something and fight her and the whole man would stay bitter.
But she enjoys the beating.
The one that made her to call me before I asked, I don't know that she's here.
The one that made her to call me, that made me to invite her.
She said, on her own.
On her own.
She packed Hatties.
The horse bump was dealing down a begging hand.
She said the old man gives her invitation.
It gives her money, giving, but she doesn't know what to enter.
She just pack her aunties and went to her parents, please.
Her parents rejected her.
She said, go back to your husband.
She said, no, she's standard.
Because she said, the lost band did not allow to pack.
She doesn't know the kind of demon that pushed her.
It means that I said, talk.
You must be able to tame that spirit.
Stand up and pray this.
You are that strange power.
I remember a man that also called me on the phone.
He said, he has a beautiful wife, but he doesn't know what normally push him to go after a woman.
That is when he finished going after me that you come back to his head.
Why am I wicked?
Why am I doing this to my wife?
My wife, I love me.
Why am I always cheating?
That is a strange power.
You will always have to have the kind of energy you release to order the book.
That energy you release to order the book, you will always get it back.
Always release respect to people.
You will get respect.
But if you always release disrespect to people, you are always disrespecting people.
They will disrespect you.
But if always release respect, no matter how small that person is, you will show respect to that person.
Nobody.
That's the same thing.
you will get.
Shout to Eloya.
When you dress dangerously, you attract negative powers, both physical and spiritual.
Because let me tell you, demons are attracted to your dressing.
Because if you dress like them, you look familiar to them.
So your dressing can also attract negative or positive charges to yourself.
Shout, hallelujah.
If you are here and you find that you easily make enemies than friends, then it means there is a negative charge in you, which needs to be deal with.
You easily make more enemies than friends.
It means there's a negative charge that is making you to always acquire enemies.
If you find out that people find it difficult to get along with you, people find it very, very difficult to get along with you.
It means there's a negative charge in you that is attracting those negativities, which we are going to pray and destroy today.
If you notice that your presence is always attracting hatred, you enter somewhere, people that don't know you from Adam, they just hate you for noticing.
Or maybe you're a sister, a man that wants to marry you.
As soon as he carries you to his family house, the whole family does hate you.
That's it for the first time, but they all hate you.
It means there's a negative charge in your life that needs
to be destroyed today.
If you notice that you want to marry, but it's always the wrong, wrong people that are coming to you, wrong men, wrong women.
You are always attracted to wrong men, to wrong women.
Means there's a negative charge in you.
That is attracting the wrong people to you.
Shout, Allea.
If you notice,
They cannot teach.
You don't want to do any kind of things you are always doing.
It means there's a negative charge, which needs to be subdued and paralyzed.
If you notice that you are into business, but you are always meeting the wrong people in business, only the wrong, wrong people.
It means there's a negative charge that needs to be paralyzed today.
If you notice, you are a lady.
In the office where you are walking, all the men in that office want to sleep with you.
It means there's a negative charge in you.
That is making them lost to come upon anybody that sees you.
You need to deal with that power today.
If you notice that you always face last minute rejection, last minute rejection, just at the damn minute disappointment rejection.
It means there's a negative charge in you.
that is attracting those negative rejections.
Now, solution.
Number one, analyze your life.
Am I a happy person?
Do I rejoice always?
Or do I wake up in the morning with surface?
If you wake up in the morning with surface, it means you have to change your attention.
You have to change your mindset to be happy always.
to wake up and be happy.
Whether there is food in the house or there's no food in the house.
Whether there's a job or there's no job.
Whether there's marriage or there's no marriage, be happy.
Shout out to you, Leah.
And so, Seth, am I a wicked man to my wife?
If you're a wicked mother, wife, you have to change so that you cannot attract good things.
Am I a wicked woman to my husband?
Do I cook a different pot of soup for myself, a different pot of soup for my husband?
The one that I hope I will eat in a mini woody, the one, you know, my husband, my children will eat, then the one I will eat is hammerhead, ovary, with Ishaewu, Obroco, Esam, Premenco,
When there will be no space to through the solution number two, eliminate all those negative charges, those negative charges, and push the positive charges.
Because everybody, every human being, has the negative and the positive.
If you are thinking the thoughts of joining a bunny,
Let me tell you this.
Don't, don't.
Amen?
Because the people that have entered, I'll give you a way to come out.
And you are taking off going in.
You will die.
You will not get anything.
If you take you, you will get anything.
If you go in, you will not get anything.
You will lose your life.
You will lose your children.
Your descendants will suffer forever.
Don't go in.
Don't sign that paper.
Don't sign that people.
If you sign, you have mortgage, your children, children, children are born.
And they will ever cost you.
Will you be happy?
That maybe when you are old, your children are saying, we have a useless father that mortgage our soul to sit on the devil.
That will be the worst thing that will ever happen to any man or any woman.
Because your children are meant to say, I can't go for the kind of father I have.
My father did not mortgage my soul to the devil.
You join it.
You sign that pepper.
You have mortgage, your children don't.
Jesus can prosper you.
Jesus can bless you.
Jesus can change your life.
But if you have joined, look at me.
Now watch my turn.
If you have joined, come out now.
Jesus can save you.
I'm telling you, they won't kill you.
I am staking my calling.
They will not kill you.
I'm healing and healing